[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo
trapped the kingdom inside
a barrier and challenged
all present to a game.
Amidst the chaos, he also
put prices on the heads
of Luffy and his allies, turning
the entire kingdom against them.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[KUWEEN grunts]
[LUFFY] "The Little People's
Princess! Captive Mansherry!"
[MANSHERRY crying]
Nice work, now let's party.
[DWARVES] It's a robot! A big,
strong robot came to save us!
Thank you, sir!
So cool!
[DWARF A, I]
Robots are awesome!
So, is everybody okay?
[BOMBA]
Yeah! We made it!
We're breaking all
you guys outta here!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
We'll be free? Finally!
[GROUP squeals]
[DWARVES cheer]
I'm so happy. Good for you!
Thank you, Mister Robot!
He has a name and
he's not a robot.
He's a Big Person. The great
hero known as Fraland!
[CHAO]
A Big Person?
Where's the princess?
Is she here, too?
[DWARF H] Mouji is looking
for her right now, but, uh,
no luck yet.
[MOUJI]
I can't find her.
Where did you go?!
I-I refuse to accept this!
[MOUJI] Princess?! Princess!
Surely you're hiding somewhere!
Oh! Oho! Oh! Not here!
Not here either!
Where could she be?
[MOUJI]
Fool me again will you?!
[DWARVES scream]
[MOUJI yelling]
Fear not! Wherever you may be,
loyal Mouji is coming for you!
Princess!
[DWARF C]
Wait, Mouji!
Princess!
Where have they
hidden you?! Where?!
Here? Here?! No!
No! Princess!
[MOUJI]
Princess!
--[MICE squeaking]
--[MOUJI gasps]
Wha--?! [screams]
Princess!
Could... you... stop please?
Wait for me!
[yells, gasps]
[GROUP groans]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Thought I heard something
strange over here.
[MICE squeak]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Oh, just mice.
[GROUP sighs]
The search begins anew!
[DWARF E, F]
Wait a sec!
We've already looked
all over the place!
I don't think Princess
Mansherry is here after all!
[MOUJI]
What?! Then what shall we do?
[KUWEEN grunts]
[FRANKY] What kind of person
is this princess of yours?
[BOMBA]
Hm, where to start?
[FRANKY]
Hm?
Don't ignore me!
We never settled things between
us, you bunch of little dolts!
So, is that her?
[DWARVES]
No!
[KUWEEN]
The factory is my life!
I'm the manager, you punks!
When they call me to the scene,
you know you're in for it!
[FRANKY grunts]
[DWARVES grunt, yelp]
[gasps] You're Cyborg Franky
from the Straw Hat
Pirates, aren't you?
I thought you only
had a one-star bounty.
How did you make it this far
with a target on your head?
Señor Pink should
have stopped you.
Yeah? Y'think?
[FRANKY] Earlier,
I saw this sweet old granny
having a tough time on
that street over there
and it darn near broke my heart.
[SEÑOR] I just remembered,
I've got some business
to take care of.
That hard-boiled lifestyle
sure can be tough.
Huh?! What're you talking about?
[CAT A meows]
No Granny. Just cats.
[KUWEEN]
Anyway, this is my factory--
I won't let you have
the run of the place!
You step up to
this lady, you die!
Fraland! Be careful!
She's strong!
[KUWEEN yells]
[DWARVES scream]
[BOTH scream]
[DWARVES] Fraland gave the
manager lady a great, big hug!
[KYROS]
We're completely surrounded.
Were there always this many?
This is a nuisance,
but it seems the only way to
advance is to dispose of them.
All right!
You wanna help me
kick their asses?
--[KYROS] Of course.
--[CAVENDISH] If I must.
[LUFFY grunts]
[KYROS yells]
[CAVENDISH grunts]
Gum-Gum Gatling!
[yelps]
[LUFFY grunts]
Dangit! I'm stuck!
[gasps]
[CAVENDISH grunts]
Whoa! Nice one! Thanks, guys.
Really! Pull it together!
Get ready!
Where are they coming from?
We don't have time to
keep wrestling with
these things all day!
Then I'll crush
them all in one shot.
[LUFFY]
No, me!
[CAVENDISH]
I called it!
Yeah? Better hurry!
[GROUP yells]
[KUWEEN gasps]
Hey, what's the big idea here?!
You're being weird! Let go!
[CHAO] Fraland just keeps
hugging her and hugging her!
This is so romantic!
Do you think it was
love at first sight?
So that's your
type, huh, Fraland?
[SEÑOR]
Bastard fooled me.
That dirty, lying cyborg.
I was all worried
about that granny,
but she isn't even real.
Well, at least I don't
have to worry now.
--[CATS meow]
--[WOMEN] Aw! So hard-boiled!
Hey, Señor Pink!
I'm ready to go again any time!
Bring it on, bro!
Say what?! Hey! Let me go!
Are you out of your damn mind?
Stop it!
So manly!
So brash.
[SEÑOR]
I'm comin' for you!
--[CATS meow]
--[WOMEN] Wow! Cool!
[KUWEEN]
This is not appropriate behavior
for a workplace
environment, okay?!
Y'know, that big baby
has been rattling my head
with suplexes one
after another, all day!
Huh?!
[FRANKY]
What's the deal?
Maybe he thought
my head was a jackhammer
and he was trying
to dig himself a hole?
You've really
lost it, haven't you?!
[SEÑOR]
I'm takin' you out!
Cat-Ear Punch!
[FRANKY]
Franky Southland Suplex!
[KUWEEN screams]
[SEÑOR groans]
[DWARVES gasping]
[FRANKY sighs]
[KUWEEN grunts]
Uh-oh, she's really mad now!
That hurt, you bastard!
Didn't your mama ever tell you
that's no way to treat a lady?!
You think you can
get away with that?!
In my factory?!
I'm the manager here!
That means nobody is above me!
I don't care how
nice your hugs are.
Once she gets this mad,
there's no stopping her!
Run away, Fraland!
Now, what should
I do to punish you?
I call the shots here after all!
As long as we're in this
factory,
whatever I say is the
law, understand me?!
And I find you guilty!
Sentenced to death!
Disrespecting the manager's
a grave crime, you know!
I'm gonna cut you
into tiny pieces,
then suck them up
with my vacuum,
then dump them out
and stomp on them,
then suck them up
all over again!
So start crying, not that
it'll do you any goo--
--[smooch]
--[KUWEEN gasps]
[DWARVES]
Mwah... mwah.
[BOMBA shrieks]
[DWARVES] Fraland gave the
manager a great big kiss!
[KUWEEN gasps]
Ohh...
[KUWEEN]
My! How daring!
He stole a kiss
from these sweet lips!
[KUWEEN sighs]
[FRANKY] You gonna lay
there and drown, or what?
[KUWEEN]
Hold on! Franky!
What was that?
I didn't know you
felt that way about me!
Everything's moving so fast!
If that's how you
feel about a girl,
then you should ask
her out first! Dummy!
[DWARF H] I never knew she had
a girly side. This is a shock.
[BOMBA shrieks]
[SEÑOR] It ain't his
fault, Miss Manager.
That's how it goes.
Huh?
Love's got nothin'
to do with it.
Even though he kissed me?
[SEÑOR]
That's right.
'Cause you cut in during a
sacred fight between two men.
He had to seal
those lips somehow
and a smooch is the
easiest way to do it.
[KUWEEN gasps]
[FRANKY] One little kiss
ain't no thing, sister.
This is a battlefield,
not some day-care playground.
Y'think I'm lookin' for
romance at a time like this?
You said it.
Who needs baby love?
[BOTH]
We're livin' in a man's world!
[squeals]
[GROUP]
They're so hard-boiled!
[WOMAN A]
Franky! Señor!
[WOMAN B] You're the
perfect hard-boiled duo!
They're taking this
fight to a whole new level.
Wonder if I can be
hard-boiled, too...
I'm not gonna let you
wreck this factory, robot.
[FRANKY] Heh! Then prove
it with your fists,
if you're a man.
Oh, my! So cool!
I'm almost scared!
It's gonna get so manly!
Diaper Bombs!
[FRANKY roars]
Nipple Light Special!
Hah!
I beat up more
than anybody! I win!
[CAVENDISH]
Hmph.
[ZORO] Would you stop turning
into rocks and fight me?
I almost had them, and
now Rebecca's getting away!
Yeah, thanks pal.
Couldn't have done
it without you.
[PICA] You and your friends
are gonna die in this cage!
[PICA grunts]
[ZORO]
You never learn, do ya?
Heh.
Mister Zoro!
If you were any cooler,
my heart couldn't take it!
[ROBIN] Look, I need you
to pull it together, Rooster.
We're almost there.
But Mister Zoro is so rad,
I'm losing my mind!
[ROBIN] There could be enemies
waiting on the second level.
Let's be careful
where we jump off!
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A rings]
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A clicks]
Hello? Leo here.
[MOUJI]
This is Mouji!
Oh, good! You're free!
I guess that means everyone
else is, too, then?
[MOUJI] Indeed we are,
but I have some awful news!
Whoa, what is it, Mouji?
The princess!
Princess Mansherry!
It seems she
isn't in the factory!
--[LEO gasps]
--[MOUJI] The poor little dear,
she must be locked
up somewhere awful,
calling my name again and again!
[LEO]
What should we do?
[TOWNSMAN A]
March to the Old King's Plateau!
[TOWNSPEOPLE]
Yeah!
[TOWNSMAN A] Surround
King Riku and God Usopp!
Nothing to be
scared of just yet.
We're in a good spot.
Who knows if they can
even climb up this high?
[TOWNSMAN A] Find God Usopp
and string him up!
[USOPP screams]
[VIOLET]
I have good news!
All the Tontattas
have been set free!
Oh, at the factory?
[VIOLET]
Yes.
But... they said they can't
find Princess Mansherry.
She's not there?
None of that matters right now!
Everyone in the whole
kingdom is trying to kill us!
We need to run away!
If everyone in the
whole kingdom is after us,
then there's nowhere safe to go.
[USOPP grunts]
It's fine.
Now they all know the truth
about what happened in the past.
The people won't harm
Father, I'm certain of that.
What about me?
Viola.
[VIOLET]
Yes?
Hello?
If they're hiding
Princess Mansherry,
she must be somewhere
in the royal palace.
[VIOLET grunts]
[DOLDO] Use your ability
to search inside.
[VIOLET]
All right.
[USOPP]
Awesome!
You can see inside the palace
from all the way down here?
[VIOLET]
Yes, with my Clairvoyance,
I can send my sight
wherever I want.
[USOPP]
Sanji would kill for that power.
[VIOLET]
Hmm.
[VIOLET] Princess
Mansherry, please be safe.
I hope this little princess
doesn't give us
a bunch of trouble.
Leo didn't paint
a flattering picture.
Called her selfish,
obnoxious, and mean-spirited.
--Bleh!
--[TANK] Halt!
--[USOPP shrieks]
--Who goes there?
[KIN'EMON]
Halt, yourself!
[USOPP]
Hey! Kin'emon!
Oh, Sir Usopp!
You know him?
[USOPP]
Yeah, let him go!
[screams]
It's a flying weirdo!
[KIN'EMON] No need to fear.
This man is Kanjuro.
I found him at last.
[USOPP]
Oh, your friend, huh?
Indeed!
I am a samurai from Wano,
known as Evening Shower Kanjuro.
[BIRD A gasping]
[USOPP]
Uh, your, uh, riding bird
looks like it's
seen better days.
[BIRD A gasping]
When we came above,
we were surprised
at the state of things.
A great number of people
seemed to be rushing
to this plateau,
though I could not
discern the reason.
[USOPP]
Yeah, that's a problem!
Though, honestly,
I don't think they'll be
able to climb up this high.
Worry not,
Long-Nosed Goblin Man.
I saw that they were in need,
so I provided them a net!
[USOPP]
Hah?!
[DOLDO, TANK, HACK] grunting
I predict they will
arrive here shortly.
[USOPP] Are you trying to
get me killed, you moron?!
[TOWNSMAN A]
God Usopp's going down!
[TOWNSMAN B groans]
Why does this net suck so much?
All those people are
coming here to get me!
What an awful blunder I've made!
My foolishness
is truly peerless.
And I did such a thing
to my benefactor, no less.
I shall commit hara-kiri
to show my regret.
[KIN'EMON]
Kanjuro, don't do it!
Okay, I won't.
Fix this! Or you might as
well cut open your belly!
[VIOLET]
I don't see her anywhere.
Unfortunately,
when I was living in the palace
with the Don Quixote Family,
I never heard
them mention anything
about capturing
Princess Mansherry.
[VIOLET]
I wonder if she's really here.
[VIOLET] I'm sorry,
but I can't seem to find her.
She must be well-hidden.
Search every nook and cranny.
Doflamingo wouldn't be foolish
enough to kill Mansherry.
Her ability is far too
valuable for him to lose.
Frankly, we could use that
ability ourselves at the moment.
[VIOLET] Princess
Mansherry, where are you?
[VIOLET] There must be
someplace I haven't looked yet.
A place I haven't seen
in the past few years.
I've lived in this
palace my entire life.
I explored every inch
of it when I was young.
[VIOLET] I snuck into places
no one else would enter.
I caused some mischief
and got punished for it.
[VIOLET gasps]
[VIOLET]
That's it!
There's still one room
I haven't checked!
[VIOLET]
Behind the chapel.
It was hidden away.
[MANSHERRY crying]
Take it. Time to eat.
[MANSHERRY] I just want
to go back to Green Bit.
Won't anybody come save me?
Leo!
[VIOLET]
I found you, princess!
[NARRATOR] With the
aid of her Clairvoyance,
Violet finally discovers
Princess Mansherry's location,
giving hope to Leo
and the other Tontattas.
However, Luffy is still held up
by the gruesome
Headcracker Dolls,
while the battle between the
Executives and Luffy's allies
from the coliseum rages on.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Invincible! A Gruesome
Army of Headcracker Dolls!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!